READ THIS MANUAL Do not use this product until you read and understand the instructions in this manual. KEEP THIS MANUAL FOR FUTURE REFERENCE. This manual is intended for installation and use.The pattern should be subject to the product you receive. E-mail: us@gtplayer.com www.gtplayer.com ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS Version 22.07.11 Combine j1 and j2 with u 2pcs screws. Insert the casters. Install the gas lift and insert the gas lift cover. Details of accessories Please check and ensure all the things are in the package. Please contact us for help if something is not included. Check Various Accessories Chair Installtion Please keep the original box in case you might need to return or replace the product. Instructions Before Using Screws and Caps Install the mechanism and armrests. DO NOT tighten all the screws completely until they are fixed in the correct position. Place the seat on the gas lift. DO NOT tighten all the screws completely until they are fixed in the correct position. Install f & m on the seat and back. 02 Then install f & m on the back. 01 First install f & m on the seat. Put M5*8 screws through the holes of & and tighten them, and then put the caps on. Install & with M5*8 screws, and then put the caps on. Attach the headrest and lumbar pillow. Complete. Tilt angle adjustor Lift the tilt angle adjustor to recline and release it to any desired position. Lean on back when resetting back to its normal position to prevent hurts from excessive rebound strength of the chair. Lift up the button on the side of the armrest to adjust the height, raise or lower to the desired position. A: Check where the noise comes from. Disassemble the mechanism, and then reinstall it with the screws tightened; Tighten the 8 screws of the angle adjustor and connector. Adjust the tilt tension to decrease the angle to the tightest. Q: Why do I hear a creaking sound after using this chair for a period of time? Frequently Asked Questions: . Pull in to lock, pull out to unlock the tilt of the chair. . Turn it clockwise to decrease the angle,counterclockwise to increase. Pull upward on lever to achieve height adjustment. DO NOT place only your back on the chair DO NOT push down on the backrest when a person is reclined DO NOT turn the chair around when a person is sitting in it. Sit in the center of the chair with your back to the backrest. DO NOT sit at the front edge of the chair. DO NOT stand on the chair. DO NOT use the chair with more than one person. Dear Customer, Thank you for choosing us. Has been implementing its brand and design concept "BE COOL BE FREE", GTPLAYER is dedicated to enriching gaming and shopping experience for customers. For safe use, please read this manual before installation, and keep it for after use. Please feel free to email us if you have any concerns about our products. We ll reply within 24 hours. The following are the things you need to pay attention to so that we can provide you with services when you encounter problems during the installation and use of the product: When the product is damaged due to courier problems, please contact our customer service in time for verifcation. We will rectify the issue as soon as possible; We give a 365-day quality assurance; We provide a 7-day no-reason return service ( Note that the returned product will not a ect the secondary sales). We o er product explanations, installation instructions, product maintenance and maintenance methods. If you feel satis ed with our product and service, Please set our store as your favorites; Please recommend our products to your friends; Please and leave us your purchase experience in our store or product page. Feedback or reviews from you will greatly help us o er better services to players around the world. Best regards ATTENTION! During installation, DO NOT tighten all the screws completely until all the screws are fixed in the correct position. E-mail: us@gtplayer.com www.gtplayer.com